[Music]
thirty years after the destruction of
the second Death Star and the Galactic
Civil War the first order has risen from
the Fallen Galactic Empire and seeks to
eliminate the new republic the
resistance backed by the republic and
led by general Leia Organa opposes them
while searching for her brother Luke
Skywalker resistance pilot poe dameron
meets village elder lor san tekka on the
planet jakku to obtain a map to luke's
location
stormtroopers commanded by the
mysterious kylo Ren destroy the village
and capture poe while ren kills teka
Poe's droid bb-8 escapes with the map
and encounters a scavenger named array
near a junkyard settlement ren tortures
power using the force and learns of bb-8
mysterious stormtrooper fn-2187 frees
Poe and they escape in a stolen TIE
fighter Poe names fn-2187 Finn they
crash on jakku finn survives but he
believes that Poe was killed in the
crash Finn encounters rey and bb-8 but
the first order tracks them and launches
an airstrike finn rey and bb-8 flee the
planet in the Millennium Falcon
which they steal from a junkyard the
Falcon is captured by a larger ship
piloted by Han Solo and Chewbacca
looking to reclaim their former vessel
two rival gangs seeking to settle debts
with Han board an attack but han and his
allies flee in the Falcon the gangs
inform the first order at the first
order Starkiller base a planet converted
into a super weapon that harnesses
energy from stars Supreme Leader Snoke
orders general Hux to use the weapon for
the first time
Snoke questions Ren's ability to deal
with emotions relating to his father han
Solo
Ren says Solo means nothing to him the
Falcon crew views bb-8 SMAP and
determines it is incomplete han explains
that Luke attempted to rebuild the Jedi
Order but exiled himself when an
apprentice turned to the dark side
destroyed the temple and slaughtered all
the other apprentices the crew travels
to the planet takodana
and meets with cantina owner Maz Kanata
who offers assistance in getting bb-8 to
the resistance Rey is drawn to a vault
on the lower level and finds the
lightsaber that once belonged to Luke
and his father and
and Skywalker she experiences disturbing
visions and flees into the woods Maz
gives Finn the lightsaber for
safekeeping
Starkiller base fires and destroys the
Republic capital and a portion of its
fleet the first order attacks takodana
in search of bb-8 han Chewbacca and Finn
are saved by resistance x-wing fighters
led by Poe who survived the earlier
crash Leia arrives at takodana with
c-3po and reunites with han and
Chewbacca
meanwhile Ren captures Rey and takes her
to Starkiller base however when he
interrogate her about the map she is
able to resist his mind-reading attempts
discovering she can use the Force she
escapes using a Jedi mind trick on a
nearby guard at the resistance base onto
car
bb-8 finds r2d2 who was being inactive
since Luke's disappearance a Starkiller
base prepares to fire onto car the
resistance devises a plan to destroy the
super weapon by attacking a critical
facility Leia urges Han to return their
son alive using the Falcon Han Chewbacca
and Finn infiltrate the facility find
Rey and plant explosives han confronts
rent calling him by his birth name Ben
and implores him to abandon the darkside
Ren refuses and kills Han and raging
Chewbacca who fires and hits ren he sets
off the explosives allowing the
resistance to attack and destroy
Starkiller base the injured ren pursues
finn and rey to the surface a lightsaber
battle between ren and finn and Sue's
leaving finn badly wounded ray takes the
lightsaber and uses the force to defeat
run before they are separated by a
fissure as the planet begins to
disintegrate and implode Snoke orders
Hux to evacuate and bring ren to him to
complete his training Rey and Chewbacca
scape with Finn and the Falcon onto car
the resistance celebrates while Leia
Chewbacca and Rey mourn Hans death r2d2
awakens and reveals the rest of the map
which Rey follows to the oceanic planet
rock to she finds Luke and presents him
with the lightsaber
[Music]